Last time on Sonic X,
in a last ditch effort
to save the galaxy,
Sonic and company decided to
use the mighty Master Emerald
to attack the Metarex.
The giant gem was shattered,
but Sonic spread through space,
and the blast created an
opening for our heroes.
Just as Sonic rushed
to confront Dark Oak,
he found himself in
a sticky situation.
Amy quickly flew in to free
him, but was also trapped!
Now, as Dark Oak begins
his final transformation,
Sonic must find a way
to win against the odds.
Can he and his friends rally to stop
the Metarex and their maniacal mission?
Find out next on Sonic X!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
-Gotta go fast
-Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
So this is the only baby that could
grow from the seeds, Galaxina?
Yes.
None of the other seeds
had any signs of life.
If this keeps up, our
clan won't last for long.
What should we do?
Earthia has been able to hang on
so far due to the fake Planet Egg,
but as time goes on, I see she's
definitely getting weaker.
That's her last child.
[All gasp]
[Crying]
Don't cry, dear.
I almost forgot...
We haven't given her a name yet.
EARTHIA: Cosmo.
[All gasp]
ALL: Ah!
Cosmo.
She's the last of my offspring,
and the last hope for the galaxy.
Guard and protect her.
Our future depends on it.
Did you hear Mother?
You're a very special baby.
[Heart beating]
It looks so strange.
What is that thing?
ALL: Hm...
Mother.
TAILS: This doesn't look good.
Its energy is increasing
so rapidly,
our scanners can't measure it.
Blast!
The forestation process is getting
too powerful for us to stop.
Shadow!
Let's help him.
Hm.
You'd better hurry!
Aaaah!
CHRIS: Ring Tunnel!
Go, Sonic.
Hm!
Ohhh!
[Grunting]
[Gasp]
Ahhh!
AMY: Aaaah!
SONIC: Amy!
Uh!
Thanks, Sonic.
[Groaning]
Huh?
[Grunting]
We got all the Emeralds.
Huh?
But look...
They're useless now.
Those poor Chaos Emeralds.
All their power is gone.
Chao chao!
That's jut great.
We don't have a single
working Emerald!
How can we fight back
without extra power?
Eggman!
ALL: Huh?
Listen. According
to my calculations,
there's a chance we could restore
the power of the Chaos Emeralds.
However, it will take the
energy of both our ships.
Oh?
Doctor, something's happening!
Huh?
Oh!
ALL: Ahh!
Uhh...
You okay?
Huh!
[Breathing heavily]
I'm starting to feel weak.
COSMO: What's happening, Tails?
[All groaning]
Dark Oak is taking the life
energy out of our bodies.
Just like the Metarex did to
all the planets they attacked.
It's drawing in all energy it can find
to spread plant life across the galaxy.
It's the last stage of
the forestation process.
[Grunt]
Huh?
Cosmo?
Dark Oak cannot take my
life energy away from me,
because we both come from
the same species of plant.
I'll take care of this.
ALL: Huh?
Huh!
I'll take these Chaos
Emeralds to Dr. Eggman
so he can restore their power.
The Metarex want to wipe out
all animal life in the galaxy,
but I still believe it's
possible for plant
and animal species
to coexist in peace,
just like I made friends
with Tails and the others.
Dark Oak, there's still time
for me to stop your plan!
[Beeping]
DARK OAK: You cannot win.
LUCAS: It's hopeless.
What can one girl do
to stop the Metarex?
Uh!
Nothing you can say
will make me give up.
I have hope... hope
for a better future.
A future of true peace.
That's the kind of future my
friends and I are fighting for.
Huh? Ahh!
[Screaming]
Ah! [All gasp]
Cosmo!
Ahhh...
Oh!
I lost the Chaos Emeralds!
[Grimacing]
Oh!
Huh?
Whoa.
Huh.
BOTH: Hmm.
[Gasp]
Huh.
Ah!
ALL: Hm.
What's happening?
We've stopped losing energy.
It's because of the Planet Egg.
It appears the life
force the Metarex stole
from the planets is responding
to the Chaos Emeralds.
Mm!
Thank you.
Oh.
The pain's gone away.
Look, Sonic.
MOLLY: Shadow!
[Gasp]
SONIC: You ready, Shadow?
All set. Let's finish this.
What's going on?
COSMO: Shadow and Sonic are
teaming up to stop the Metarex.
[Both grunting]
They'll be okay... I hope.
ALL: Ah!
[Gasp]
ALL: Wow!
Wow...!
All right!
Heh!
Something is wrong.
Oh!
The energy levels are
starting to reverse.
Hmm. It seems like
it's imploding now.
[All gasp]
DARK OAK: Foolish hedgehogs.
With the help of the Planet
Egg, you have indeed
prevented me from
transforming the galaxy.
But you can never win this battle.
If the Metarex cannot
rule the galaxy,
then we will destroy it!
[Sinister laughter]
Oh!
Ungh!
TAILS: The pressure inside
that thing is growing fast!
What's Dark Oak trying to do?
I know...
He's producing a huge
gravitational force,
because he's trying to
crush the Planet Egg.
But why is he doing that?
Imagine it's like a big balloon,
and you keep on squeezing
it tighter and tighter.
You know what happens sooner
or later, don't you?
It goes bang!
Hold on.
Are you telling us that
thing's going to explode?
I'm afraid so.
That sounds bad.
Dark Oak really is trying
to destroy the galaxy.
Ugh...
Aaah!
Huh!
Ah!
[Groaning]
[Struggling]
Isn't there anything we can do to help
break through that gravity field?
Well, I've got one plan
that involves you robots,
but you won't like it.
Oh?
When you were built, I put
special self-destruct circuits
inside your bodies in case
of an emergency such as this.
I could set you off to break
through the gravity field.
But, Dr. Eggman... that
would destroy us, too!
And besides, that gravity
field is really powerful,
so it would take a huge amount
of energy to break through.
Good point!
Eggman, please don't
carry out that plan.
Don't worry. I won't.
The explosion wouldn't be strong
enough to penetrate the field.
Don't you have another
plan up your sleeve?
We're running out of time here!
You claim to be a
scientific genius.
This would be the perfect opportunity
to prove it to all of us.
Huh!
Ah!
[Both straining]
Don't use that ring yet.
Huh?
In a few seconds, we're gonna
need all the power we can get.
Hm...
Listen up, everybody.
Our only hope of saving
the galaxy is to throw
all the energy we've got at
this gravity field in one shot.
Use the Sonic Power Cannon
and launch me at it.
It's way too risky.
We've never launched you from
the Power Cannon before
when you were Super Sonic.
We don't have any idea
what'll happen to you.
That gravity field is
extremely powerful, Sonic.
If you smash into it, the force could
be too much for your body to take.
Huh!
You mean to tell us there's
a good chance Sonic
won't even survive the attack?
He can't do it!
We have to come up
with another plan!
I don't know if I can save the
galaxy, but I have to try.
[Gasp]
And there's no way anybody's
gonna talk me out of it,
so save your breath.
Now, are you gonna help me or not?
Let's do it!
SONIC: Great!
I'm routing all the energy in
the network to the Power Cannon.
We only have one chance to
break through that field.
We'll need all the
energy we can get.
Prepare to transfer all
power to the Blue Typhoon.
Cutting off the ship's
energy supply now
and sending it to the
Sonic Power Cannon.
Be honest, Doctor.
I wanna know what you think.
Does Sonic have a chance
of saving the galaxy?
Hmm.
I'm so nervous, I can't even look.
I feel helpless.
EARTHIA: Cosmo.
Huh?
This is the moment
we've been waiting for.
You can help save the
galaxy and our clan
if you only believe in yourself.
This is why I was sent here.
Are you okay?
I understand now.
There can be peace in the galaxy,
and I have the power to
make it happen, Cream.
What do you mean?
Ah!
Where are you going?
[Deep breath]
No! Come back!
[Crying]
What's wrong?
Cosmo's out there to
help stop Dark Oak.
Huh?
Why are you here?
Mother, I feel really happy
now, because I finally
know what my purpose is.
Huh!
Oh!
My friends mean more
to me than anything.
That's why I'd give up
everything to save them.
Whoa!
[All gasp]
What's she doing?
EARTHIA: Cosmo.
You can transform and pass
through the gravity field.
In your new form,
you will be like me.
Your destiny will be fulfilled.
You have the power to stop Dark Oak
and bring new life to our clan.
ALL: Huh?
Whoa!
Huh.
Wow!
It's all right. I have
Dark Oak immobilized.
Now you'll be able to destroy
the Metarex and save the galaxy.
Don't worry about me.
Just fire the Power Cannon now.
[Whimpering]
But if we fire the cannon,
what will happen to you?
If she says not to worry,
I have to trust her.
DR. EGGMAN: Tails, we
must act immediately.
Prepare to fire the
cannon at my command.
Hm.
BOTH: Hmm!
Lock cannon into
place and take aim.
Oh!
Get ready, Sonic.
Whoa!
Oh.
Hmm.
Sonic and Shadow are
attacking together.
Which means this blast
will be twice as powerful!
Here goes.
[Groan]
Sonic Power Cannon.. fire!
[Grimacing]
Roger!
Uhh...!
[Struggling]
DR. EGGMAN: Tails, I
know this is difficult,
but the galaxy is in danger
and time is running out.
You must fire now.
But I can't.
What about Cosmo?
[Sniffling]
She knows what she's doing.
Cosmo is carrying out her destiny.
She was meant to save the galaxy,
and we have to help her.
Huh?
But you're my friend, Cosmo.
I'm sorry. I just can't do it.
Trust me, Tails. You have to fire.
It's the only way
to save all of us.
Ah... I trust you.
But you mean a lot to me.
I don't want to lose you, Cosmo!
You won't, Tails.
You'll defeat the Metarex
and spread the seeds of my
clan through the galaxy.
I believe in you, Cosmo.
Your friendship has
meant a lot to me.
I wish we could spend
more time together,
but I understand
this is your only hope to save the
galaxy and bring your clan back.
I'm sure your seeds
will find a place
to grow and build a new home.
Good luck, Cosmo...
And goodbye!
Thank you, Tails!
I'll never forget you!